Arc-enabled SQL Server - ArcBox September release updates (#409)
Azure/arc_jumpstart_docs: docs/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/DataOps/_index.md

  
  ![Screenshot showing Defender for SQL security incidents and alerts](./sql-defender-brute-force-attack-alert.png)

### Arc-enabled SQL Server - least privilege access

> As part of least privilege security best practice principle, [Arc-enabled SQL server supports running agent extension under least privilege access](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/sql-server/azure-arc/configure-least-privilege?view=sql-server-ver16). By default SQL server agent extension runs under Local System account. After enabling the least privilege access, agent extension runs under _NT Service\SQLServerExtension_. Refer [permissions required and assigned to _NT Service\SQLServerExtension_ service account](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/sql-server/azure-arc/configure-windows-accounts-agent?view=sql-server-ver16) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of least privilege security best practices, [Arc-enabled SQL server supports running agent extension under least privilege access](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/sql-server/azure-arc/configure-least-privilege?view=sql-server-ver16). By default SQL server agent extension runs under Local System account. After enabling the least privilege access, agent extension runs under _NT Service\SQLServerExtension_. Refer [permissions required and assigned to _NT Service\SQLServerExtension_ service account](https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/sql-server/azure-arc/configure-windows-accounts-agent?view=sql-server-ver16) for more details.
```
